We now have
three bodies in three days.
all in bags. at various
locations across the city.
What do you want?
Make a note of Dr Sophia Craven.
I think there's something
awful underneath all this
that I'm just not privy to.
I had a... a client.
a young woman.
Victoria Burkeman.
Victoria is a victim of abuse.
-No.
-I'm calling to let you know
about another body.
I just own the farm.
Original owners kept the house.
And their names?
Burkeman.
Our other daughter. she's dead.
Did you abuse
your daughter. Mr. Burkeman?
No.
Liar. liar. pants on fire.
Victoria isn't just your sister.
She's your mother. too.
You murdered all those boys
with that game you play.
You and all your friends.
Ben's dead. Carl's dead.
She'll be coming for us next.
-Where is she?
-I've no idea.
He said there's
a police officer involved.
I think it's Lou.
One. two. three. four.
Detective Inspector
Louis Stanley.
I'm arresting you on the offence
of misconduct in public office.
I am dying to hear what it is
that you found out
about me. you miserable bitch!
How am I gonna tell Joe?
About Lou. or us?
Can I come over?
Sure.
This is what happens when
you love someone. Victoria.
And I will love you...
whether you like it or not.
You don't play
tea parties. do you?
It's safe to play tea parties.
Victoria. look at this.
Come on.
My mum has this. It's so nice.
It's so nice.
Becky said she did that
with the boy from DeWinters.
She's such a liar.
No one's done that.
You okay?
♪ Ominous music
You girls like
anything to drink?
No. thank you.
We have tea.
Dinner's in half an hour.
I won't bring the
magazine next time. Victoria.
It's okay.
Did you hear?
Sarah said she saw Mr. Drake
jogging this morning.
And when he came back in
through the main gate.
Sarah reckons that he fell over
cos he was covered in mud.
He's so weird. Apparently...
♪ music turns sinister
♪ Rock-a-bye. baby
on the tree top ♪
♪ When the wind blows
the cradle will rock ♪
♪ When the bough breaks
the cradle will fall ♪
♪ And down will come baby
cradle and all ♪
♪ Hush. little baby
♪ Don't you weep
Jesus!
Oh.
Okay.
It's me.
Erm. look. sorry to be
a... a voice note girlie.
but I thought I should explain
why I dined and dashed.
That is not what I meant
to say at all. actually.
Er. w-what I meant to say was
why I. you know.
why I left without...
Look. erm. basically. I woke up
and I thought
I should get back to Joe.
And I was gonna call you.
And I've had a bit of
a boo-boo in your kitchen.
to be honest. all right?
For God's sake.
Erm. I've dropped a glass.
and I've. er.
managed to cut my hand.
And I've left a bit of
a crime scene in there.
But. er...
And then I left like a twat.
So I've probably
woken you up as well.
because I had to slam the door.
I had a really lovely
evening with you.
And. er. if it's
not too forward.
I'd like to do it
again sometime.
Tomorrow night?
So. I'm...
I'm...
I'm sorry again. And. er...
So. thank you.
Saying "thank you" is
a bit weird. isn't it.
after. er. sex.
so... I'm...
I'm not gonna say "Thank you."
I'm... I'm going to say...
I'm gonna say "Speak soon."
Fuckin' hell.
Why are you on the sofa?
Where were you last night?
Oh. I worked late.
We were gonna have our dinner.
and you didn't come home.
I worked late. I said.
-It was stuff.
-God. are you hurt?
Why are you covered in blood?
I... I. er...
I cut my hand at work.
Oh. my God.
It's all right. it's all right.
Sorry. I'm fine.
Here.
Oh. cheers.
Mum. Gross.
Jesus. Sorry. sorry. sorry.
Hey. Joe. don't say
"gross" like that.
That's not nice.
Breasts aren't gross.
They're just. you know...
Ow.
Can I go round
Freddie's tonight?
-Yeah. sure.
-No.
Okay. then maybe not.
Er. tomorrow?
I can't. Uncle Lou's taking me
to the game tomorrow.
Mm.
We'll figure something out.
I'll ask you later when
you both stop being insane.
What's going on. Jeanette?
Well. let's see. The...
The time's...
Is that really the time?
Is that...
Don't be unreasonable. okay?
I just need to figure stuff out.
Jesus!
As things stand. Jeanette.
I think I'm being
pretty bloody reasonable!
-Ma'am.
-Oh. thank you.
I'm not that late. am I?
Oh. I've been here
half an hour already.
Whoa. Your hand.
-Ah. fuck.
-What happened?
I had a disagreement with
a kitchen knife. that's all.
-Hey. erm...
-Oh.
I feel like maybe
you should lay low today.
Lou's pretty popular. so...
-"Lay low"?
-Mm-hmm.
When all the Burkemans are now
either missing or... or dead.
and you want me to lay low?
Oh. I don't think so.
Fine. Well.
the team will still be down
at the Burkemans' house.
if you like.
But I'm gonna keep going
with the fights.
I'm gonna see if I can trace
any of the boys'
last known movements.
Well. there's evidence
of Victoria Burkeman
on that property somewhere.
They've not kept nothing.
They've what?
They've...
They've got something. Mike.
It's a double negative. It's...
Oh. God. Don't worry about it.
Crack on.
Ow!
All right? Thank you.
♪ Ominous music
Hello?
Mr. Dwyer?
♪ Ominous music
Okay. Okay.
Hello?
-Jeanette?
-Yeah. yeah. Give me a second.
Give me a second.
Jeanette?
Jeanette. are you still there?
They're here. Mike.
There's more of them.
The boys.
Fuck me. What a mess.
How are you holding up?
How the fuck did we miss this?
We did a sweep. Jeanette.
Martin Ryan just over there.
Victoria Burkeman's house
over there.
and a freezer full of dead boys.
How the fuck did we miss this?
We did everything we could.
Wasn't good enough.
We weren't good enough. Mike.
How many's that?
Four that we can see.
They're heaped
on top of one another.
but the team's still
photographing the scene.
so it's a bit more than four.
Fuck.
You think you've seen some
shit in this job. but... yeah.
First impressions?
What. other than "yikes"?
"Yikes" is an
understatement. mate.
Quite. Well. at first glance.
these bodies are consistent
with our other victims.
We're already full
at the mortuary.
so we need to set up
an emergency mortuary here.
I need another
couple of pathologists
just to get through them
as quickly as possible.
Yeah. I'll get
Verity's sign-off.
Yeah. well.
all of that is just...
It's just for who
we've got in here.
Over there...
Dwyer's not frozen.
so I'll do his PM first.
Let's treat him as
a separate crime scene.
Erm. I will go as fast as I can.
but I am not cutting corners
just because we think
we're too clever.
Mm-hmm.
We can take him to the mortuary
as soon as they
finish photographing.
-Where will they go?
-To be exterminated. Mike.
They've eaten human flesh.
They'll be gassed. I imagine.
Are you vegetarian?
-Me? No.
-Then why do you care?
-Are you okay?
-Yeah. Never better.
Well. I mean.
you're bleedin'. Ri...
Well. I'll be sure
to let you and Lou...
and Mike know
when I have something.
-Oh. okay.
-Jesus. I'm sorry.
Jeanette!
-Yeah.
-Jeanette. are you okay?
Yeah. yeah. I'm okay. I...
I just wish everybody would
stop asking me if I'm okay.
So. you know...
Do we know if
the boys died here?
No. We haven't searched
any of the other barns yet.
Well. come on.
let's do that. please.
This country does not care.
Nobody cares.
♪ Sombre music
I want every square inch
of this place fingerprinted.
All of it.
Tyre tracks. footprints.
all the forensics.
Everyone.
Any single shred of evidence.
I want it collected.
-Do we have CCTV?
-No.
Fuck. we needed
to find this place a week ago
is what we needed.
Victoria was trying
to point us to this place.
This is what it wa... This!
Jesus. this!
I need Peter Drake
and David White
in protective custody. okay?
While Victoria is out there.
those men are in danger.
What about Mary Burkeman?
Is she in danger. too?
Is there any trace that
she could be here. too?
She would have
positioned her body
front and centre
if she was dead.
Mary Burkeman's alive somewhere.
She's alive.
Mike!
We're needed back at HQ.
You better keep up.
Keep up. keep up!
Stupid cow.
Er...
A slight shock to the system.
I'm sure.
But I'll bet stumbling across
a farm of dead bodies trumps it.
Er. yeah. and...
and all of this is. er...
A new order.
I don't need to tell you
how big this is.
It's bloody enormous.
and of national importance.
-So. in come the big guns.
-Who?
Me!
You are going to talk me
through your findings
ahead of a press conference
tomorrow.
You and Mike will
stay on the ground.
Your team is doubling.
Mike can assist you indefinitely
while another officer
takes his desk.
You have priority status.
Anything I should know?
Yeah. Eva needs to erect
an emergency mortuary
at the scene. ma'am.
There's too many bodies
to process
and they need doing
really quickly.
-Fine.
-I'll let Eva know.
Very good.
And on we go.
Hmm.
Oh. fuck it.
No.
Come in.
Harriet. is it?
Yes.
Great. Let me take your coat.
Oh. thank you.
Lovely. And. do take a seat.
Oh. wow. You've got
a beautiful office.
Oh. thank you.
You found it all right?
Yes. thank you.
Good. Would you like
some water or anything?
-Oh. no. thank you.
-Okay.
All right.
Now. is there
anything in particular
you'd like to discuss with me?
Anywhere you'd like to start?
These sessions. they can be
overwhelming to begin with.
Thank you. Erm...
Yes. they... they can. rather.
I suppose. well.
for the most part.
I'm fine. really. I'm...
Erm. I'm fine.
I hadn't really thought
that I needed to.
or that I ought to.
Erm...
Er...
My daughter died.
She died a very long time ago.
but I never spoke
to anyone about it.
And I think I'd like to.
I... I want to...
talk about it. Erm...
Well...
They never found
her body. But. er...
I know she's dead.
How do you know?
I can feel it.
She's not here.
She disappeared from school.
She was never found. But I...
I know.
May I ask. Harriet. why now?
Something happened.
Not one thing.
Lots of little things.
actually. and...
I think I need
a place to scream.
Well. you can scream here.
And plenty of people have.
You're very kind.
Mm. I shan't. Erm...
But there's a bit of me...
in here.
And... and that bit...
that bit hasn't
stopped screaming.
I still see her.
My husband sees her. too.
I... I know he does.
And I think he'd rather we...
we stopped.
♪ Unsettling music
Hmm.
In your own time. Jeanette.
but today would be nice.
I'd like to run through
the events of today.
We've now got
one dead male. Vincent Dwyer.
and seven dead young men.
likely to be asylum seekers.
This brings our current
known total up to 15.
Peter Drake has agreed
to come in for questioning.
but David White's whereabouts
is currently unknown.
We have to find him.
Also missing is Mary Burkeman.
We've. er. no proof of life
in the last 24 hours. but I...
Given the time
and the... the care
that Victoria has taken
with the other bodies
and positioning of them. I...
I think if Mary was dead.
we would know about it.
And what of Victoria?
Still nothing.
What about the psychologist?
What about her. ma'am?
Did she have any
valuable insights?
Yeah. she certainly did. yeah.
Victoria was repeatedly abused
throughout her childhood
by her father and by others.
quite possibly Carl Lowry
and Vincent Dwyer.
So. she remains our
prime suspect in their murders.
-But not the others?
-No. not the others.
I've explained... Er...
The PMs have already established
that the boys killed each other.
They were made to fight.
But in the positioning
of the bodies.
Victoria has been
communicating with us.
She has been
indirectly alerting us
to what has been happening.
What's wrong
with Crime Stoppers?
You see. she's opera...
She is operating in
a very specific way.
It's her way of talking.
and we have just
not been listening.
Any forensic evidence
from the new scene?
Yes. there's prints.
but they're not processed yet.
But. listen to me.
please list... listen.
We need to find Victoria
and Mary Burkeman.
We... we just...
As a priority.
we need to do that.
We... we have to find them.
We have to find them.
There you go.
We're... we're
waiting for confirmation.
Well done.
If Lou was here.
we wouldn't be in this mess.
Let's have a look at it.
You need anything else
from me. you let me know.
Thank you.
Absolute joke.
-Jeanette?
-Er. sorry. Mike.
Any of you fuckers got
anything to say to me.
say it to my face. not
muttering behind your hands.
Do you understand?
Good.
Ma'am. have you heard
any more about Lou?
You don't half
pick your moments. Jeanette...
Please. Please. Verity. please.
He fessed up.
County lines.
Selecting vulnerable young men
via that gym
to run his little scheme.
Sleeping with a witness.
Taking bribes.
Need I go on?
Was he involved in these fights?
It... it looks unlikely.
He'll be charged.
and the courts won't like it.
He'll probably end up
doing time.
-Well done.
-Please.
Answer me truthfully.
Are you all right?
No.
But yes.
Aren't we all?
And change that top.
You stink.
Rightio.
She's gone. She's gone.
Victoria.
You don't know.
What... What don't I know?
You can't...
You can't know.
What?
No one could bind him anymore.
not even with a chain.
For he had often been chained
hand and foot.
But he tore the chains apart
and broke the irons on his feet.
No one was strong enough
to subdue him.
Night and day among
the tombs and in the hills.
he would cry out and
cut himself with stones.
When he saw Jesus
from a distance.
he ran and fell on his knees
in front of him.
He shouted
at the top of his voice.
"What do you want with me.
Jesus. son of the most high God?
In God's name.
don't torture me."
Victoria.
Er. for Jesus had said to him.
"Come out of this man.
you impure spirit."
Stop it. Stop it.
But then Jesus asked him.
"What is your name?"
"My name is Legion." he replied.
"For we are... many."
Yes. I can help you.
I can help you.
It's all right.
She's gone.
Who's gone?
It's not just us. you know.
Jeanette?
What?
Are you okay?
What's happened?
It's been a long day.
Okay.
Can you at least go
some way to explaining?
Mum.
Mm.
Baby boo.
Hi.
Go back to bed. Jo Jo.
I'll come and say goodnight.
er. in a bit.
Now.
I love you.
So. you're not gonna tell me
what's happened today?
Mm.
I need a bath. Want a bath.
And then we'll talk. okay?
Hello.
Victoria was here.
She was here.
She broke in and. erm...
Well. she's left.
but she was here.
She was here
in my office. Jeanette.
Can you come here?
Can you come now?
Wait. What did she say?
Tell me everything.
How long ago did she leave?
I don't know. I dunno.
Sophia. you need to stay calm.
How long ago did she leave?
Er. I think...
I think about ten minutes ago.
I don't know. I...
Okay. don't panic.
She scared me.
She's never scared me before.
She... she's frightened.
and she's terrified.
and she scared me this time.
I'm on my way.
Care to explain any of that?
-It's work.
It's the psychiatrist.
-She's work!
-No. Jeanette!
You need to tell me
what's going on. right now!
More people are dead. okay?
And I've just had a sighting
of my prime suspect.
We will talk when I get home.
Do you understand that?
Jesus!
I... Kaboo.
Kaboo!
Hello. David.
Yeah. I'm listenin'.
Go to BS 7-8 Romeo Bravo.
flat seven. code 1-9-5-9.
Right. er. on my way.
I'll wait to hear from you.
Good.
And we need
to talk about control.
What is it about control
that you'd like to discuss?
I'd like to play
the shopping game.
All right.
we can do that. David.
David?
Today. I went to the shop.
and I bought... an egg.
and I bought an egg
and some bacon.
Today. I went to the shop.
and I bought an egg.
some bacon. and...
a silencer.
It's your turn.
The number you have
dialled is not available.
Today. I went to the shop.
and I bought an egg.
some bacon. a silencer...
and a tea set.
Thank you for humouring me.
Gary. pass us that
spare bit. will you?
That's it. Just take the weight.
Hold it steady.
Just a sec. That's right. Okay.
Now. take the weight of it.
Oh. shit!
Ah...
They've been bloody clear
about where it was to drill.
Now you've botched it right up.
Okay.
Get some multipurpose
from the van. right?
Oh. what the fuck have you...
-Now...
-Oh. Oh. God.
Now look. it's not
that bad. all right?
I did say
the tomb may well be empty.
But I was very clear.
it must not be disturbed.
It is sacrosanct.
Please. could you
just... just step away?
What's up. mate?
What is it? You all right?
Give it here.
Oh.
Oh. Christ. that stinks.
Well?
What's in there. Bo?
Shaun?
Please. could you just
let me look?
Can you swim?
It can be fun. you know?
I need this gone.
I need all of this to stop.
Cos at the moment.
this just feels endless.
It is death after death
after death.
Victoria!
-No!
-We believe you are
in imminent danger.
Thank you for the session.
♪ Rock-a-bye. baby
on the tree top ♪
♪ When the wind blows
the cradle will rock ♪
♪ It will rock
♪ When the bough breaks
the cradle will fall ♪
♪ And down will come baby
cradle and all ♪
♪ Hush. little baby